README.md, before:

# Battleships-js v0.1

> ⚠️ status: _under development_

## 🛠️ Technologies used
- UI: HTML, SASS/SCSS, CSS animations
- Logic: Vanilla JavaScript
- More: JS DOM manipulation, ES Classes, LocalStorage

## 👾 How to Play
- **Main objective**: Sink all ships in fewest moves
- Scoring: hit = 1 | miss = -1 | destroy ship = bonus
- Get to know the ships:

| Ship        | Key | Size | Bonus |
|-------------|-----|------|-------|
| Aircraft    | 'A' | 5    | 5     |
| Battleship  | 'B' | 4    | 10    |
| Destroyer   | 'D' | 3    | 15    |
| Submarine   | 'S' | 2    | 20    |
| Cruiser     | 'C' | 1    | 25    |

The RADAR perk:

- Radar allows you to scan the grid for ships
- 3 Radars available
- Radars cost -2 score points
- Click on the Radar to Activate (or Deactivate)
- Then Click on the grid to launch

## 👽 Known issues
**Bugs:**  
- n/a 

**Limitations:**
- No mobile support (Desktop & Tablet Only)

## 🚀 Future Plans
- Improve UI/UX
- Multiplayer support (online + local)

Commit message:

update: clean up instructions overlay (UI improvement) and README update
- updated isntructions UI, improving user experience and readability
- updated README with new instructions and status
- game achieves MVP goal and now is in open beta, ready for deployment

README.md, after:

# Battleships-js v0.2

> ⚠️ status: _open beta (stable)_

## 👾 How to Play
**Main objective:** Sink all ships in the fewest moves. Beat your own highscore!

**Scoring:** 
- Hit = 1
- Miss = -1
- Ship destroyed = Bonus

**Ships info:**

| Ship       | Key | Size | Bonus |
|------------|-----|------|-------|
| Aircraft   | 'A' | 5    | 5     |
| Battleship | 'B' | 4    | 10    |
| Destroyer  | 'D' | 3    | 15    |
| Submarine  | 'S' | 2    | 20    |
| Cruiser    | 'C' | 1    | 25    |


**The Radar:**

- The Radar can scan the grid for ships (3 available).
- Radars cost -2 score points.
- Click on the Radar button to Activate/Deactivate.
- Then Click on the grid to launch.

## 🛠️ Technologies used
- UI: HTML, SASS/SCSS, CSS animations
- Layout: CSS Grid + Flex
- Logic: Vanilla JavaScript
- More: JS DOM manipulation, ES Classes, LocalStorage


## 👽 Known issues
**Bugs:**  
- n/a 

**Limitations:**
- No mobile support (Desktop & Tablet Only)

## 🚀 Future Plans
- Improve UI/UX
- Multiplayer support (online + local)
